[Music]
first off fall can kiss my fucking ass
Jesus Christ my old lady is me raking
leaves doing all kinds of bullshit
around the house that a professional
fucking warrior should never have to do
between the chores and her filling up
our DVR with endless episodes of Oprah's
life class I don't even know why I come
home anymore oh wait I forgot it's so
that I can pay off all the credit-card
bills that she racks up at Pottery Barn
and Crate and Barrel to trying to make
our house look like it's inhabited by a
pair of 50 year old lesbian watercolor
artist with a throw pillow fetish and I
know I haven't been in here in a couple
weeks but that's because I've been in
all kinds of hot water over the little
domestic neighborhood dispute we had on
Halloween night turns out the missus
went behind my back and set Ranger
Junior out trick-or-treating dressed as
Raggedy Andy even though we had agreed
that he'd be dressing up like a badass
like his old man and as if that weren't
bad enough she went and dressed Stanley
up like a little honey badger version of
Raggedy Ann and boy was he pissed about
it anyway this year Ranger Junior was
making a big stink about having to go
out trick-or-treating his parents and
saying that it was too old to be doing
stuff like that anymore so being the
reasonable parents that we are we
decided that sinning amount was Stanley
even in that god-awful outfit
what suffice is a sufficient guardian
for the evening Stanley's real
protective and loves the shit out of jr.
so we felt he'd be pretty secure running
amuck in the neighborhood for the half
hour after street lights came on in
Halloween night unfortunately a bunch of
dickhead kids on the local high school
had different plans
apparently this year a group of
meatheads from our local JV football
team thought it'd be a good idea to go
driving around and one of their idiotic
raised wannabe monster trucks that the
parents bought them and steal candy from
little kids
one thing they weren't planning on was a
world of hurt they are about to enter
once they rolled up on junior and
Stanley one of the kids hopped out of
the bed of the truck and tried to grab
Junior's bag of candy and was no sooner
flipped into his back in the concrete
and put into an armbar hold quicker than
you can say help somebody saved my
pimply fucktard ass I'm about to get
they shit beat out of me by an
eight-year-old I mean I've been training
junior in hand hand fighting disciplines
like Aikido jujitsu Krav Maga and about
a dozen others since before he could
crawl let's just say that high school
kid was lucky he wasn't wearing Crocs
sandals or he'd be dead right now and of
course as soon as
crying out for help because my kid who's
less in half his age is twisting his arm
into a goddamn bendy straw the other
four or five D bags in the truck hopped
out and piled on the Ranger jr. and then
Stanley who had been watching from the
sidelines went apeshit
there's nothing Stanley hates more than
a bully or someone who won't engage in a
fair fight so he knocked down all five
of those motherfuckers and performed the
fighting move that he's famous on five
continents for aggressive rapid dick
biting I would have paid a million
dollars to see the look of terror on
those little shit bags faces when that
furry little bastard dressed up as
Raggedy Ann inflicting truckloads of
pain on them that no amount of HMO
medical care or emergency room local
anesthetic would ever be able to stop
the next morning my old lady was pretty
pissed off and the whole thing made the
papers the cops and paramedics on the
scene told reporters that it must have
been some type of isolated mountain lion
attack mountain lion attack my ass that
was the Ranger family's own personal
forty-two pounds of pure unadulterated
hatred nicotine Stanley the dick biting
honey badger coming to the rescue
I can't wait to catch this week's game
in the local public access channel it's
going to be pretty goddamn funny scene
central highs entire defensive line
wearing dick casts problem solved
problems staying solved
Rangers lead the way
[Music]